Files and documentation for the collective radiators required for different departments within Semantico.

Alexander Hosford, Zsuzsanna Herpai & Tom Roberts - February 2012

Wednesday 7th March

    All of the component parts are working now with live data and the project is coming to close. The project has been handed
    over to Tom Roberts who is going to take responsibility for the deployment and any further support issues with the project.

    Everything is currently within the same Eclipse project, which is setup through Maven so techincally this should be easy
    enough to port into other IDEs. The two active parts of the project, JIRA/RT and SVN have had their respective pom.xml 
    and web.xml files integrated.

    A comment that Richard made earlier in the week - It would be nice if the functionality presented by our project was of a
    common format, i.e. all RSS or etc. This would allow for greater scalability and the ability to port the tempolates to any
    other type of feed data that we might need to display.

    Current Issues;

        There are a few things which have not yet been done and may be worth looking into.

        SVN

        This module is authored by Alexander Hosford.

        Within the SVN logging page, there is no capacity for escaping HTML tags or the such. This means that if anyone were to
        submit a commit message with anything resembling tags, then the output would most likely break and look bad.

        Currently the truncation of long strings in relation to project name, username and message are handled within the class
        that converts SVNLogEntry objects into FormattedLogEntry objects. It has been suggested that this string truncation should
        probably be handled by the freemarker template as potentially access to the full data contained in these parameters could be useful.

        RSS

        As far as the RSS feeds screen goes, this is pretty simple and functions just fine pulling the data. At this stage it is
        probably more important is to show the title of the post and then the author of the post. Due to the frequency of the updates
        it is probably more useful for a reader to see who authored a post rather than when it was authored. RSS functionality is
        provided by a JQuery library, however working RSS pull functionality was working early on using some HTML code.

        JIRA/RT

        Authored by Thomas Roberts, there is currently a small delay in the page load as the code authenticates itself for use with the Jira and RT systems.
        In order for this to happen I believe Tom has hard coded in his login details to the code - this should probably be changed.

        SIPP2/JENKINS

        This code has been ripped from Dan Shearmur's working page that already exists. The work that has been conducted on this screen
        is purely a matter of presentation and no changes to the functionality have been made. The styling has been updated to make use
        of the second version of the Bootstrap CSS framework. Tis has been conducted by Zsuzsanna Herpai who has completed the front-end
        for the entire project.
